Added curl profiling to readme (#150)
NoiseByNorthwest/php-spx: README.md

Then click on the report in the list and enjoy the [analysis screen](#analysis-screen).

> Profiling can also be triggered with Curl as shown in this example:

Reviewer: @8ctopus IMO it should be placed right after
> Then switch on "Enabled". At this point profiling is enabled for the current domain and your current browser session through a set of dedicated cookies.

Author: DONE

> SPX profiling can also be trigged with curl as shown in this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiling can also be triggered with Curl as shown in this example:
```
